README.md, before:

1. [tutorials-day-1-2017-07-10](https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2017_notes#tutorials-day-1-2017-07-10)
2. [tutorials-day-2-2017-07-11](https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2017_notes#tutorials-day-2-2017-07-11)
3. [keynotes](https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2017_notes#keynotes)
4. [talks](https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2017_notes#talks)
    1. [2017-07-12](https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2017_notes#2017-07-12)
    2. [2017-07-13](https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2017_notes/blob/master/README.md#2017-07-13)
    2. [2017-07-14](https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2017_notes/blob/master/README.md#2017-07-14)
5. [lightning-talks](https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2017_notes#lightning-talks)

# scipy_2017_notes
Links and notes for SciPy 2017.

What to know what happed last year?

- https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2016_notes

Please help mainain the list! send a PR!

Lists of tutorials: https://scipy2017.scipy.org/ehome/220975/493418/

Proceedings: http://conference.scipy.org/proceedings/scipy2017/

Videos of talks and tutorials: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLYx7XA2nY5GfdAFycPLBdUDOUtdQIVoMf

JOSS (Journal of Open Source Software) Slides: https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.5208151

# BoFs

-  jupyter widget bof: https://gist.github.com/mwcraig/176560759e889a3635cbaaa1fdef8bbc

# Sprints

bit.ly/sprints2017

# Tutorials Day 1 2017-07-10

| Tutorial Repository                                                                 | Video                                                                                                |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Software Carpentry Scientific Python Course Part 1 (Beginner)][13]                 | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VO4pUGCcMI&index=4&list=PLYx7XA2nY5GfdAFycPLBdUDOUtdQIVoMf)  |
| [Cython for Data, Scientists, and Data Scientists (Intermediate/Advanced)][4]       | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FepqwPI6U80&index=6&list=PLYx7XA2nY5GfdAFycPLBdUDOUtdQIVoMf)  |
| [Numba: Tell Those C++ Bullies to Get Lost (Intermediate)][6]                       | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AwG0T4gaO0&index=2&list=PLYx7XA2nY5GfdAFycPLBdUDOUtdQIVoMf)  |
| [Automatic Code Generation with SymPy (Advanced)][3]                                | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jzIVp6bTy0&index=5&list=PLYx7XA2nY5GfdAFycPLBdUDOUtdQIVoMf)  |
| [Modern Optimization Methods in Python (Intermediate/Advanced)][16]                 |   |
| Software Carpentry Scientific Python Course Part 2 (Beginner)                       |   |
| [Computational Statistics (Beginner)][11]                                           | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=He9MCbs1wgE&index=1&list=PLYx7XA2nY5GfdAFycPLBdUDOUtdQIVoMf)  |
| [The Jupyter Interactive Widget Ecosystem (Intermediate/Advanced)][5]               | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWzY2nGfkXk&index=3&list=PLYx7XA2nY5GfdAFycPLBdUDOUtdQIVoMf)  |
| [HDF5 take 2: h5py & PyTables (Intermediate/Advanced)][2]                           | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofLFhQ9yxCw&index=8&list=PLYx7XA2nY5GfdAFycPLBdUDOUtdQIVoMf)  |
| [Interactive Data Visualization with HoloViews & Bokeh (Advanced)][9]               |   |


# Tutorials Day 2 2017-07-11

| Tutorial Repository                                                                          | Video                                                                                                |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Introduction to Numerical Computing with NumPy (Beginner)][12]                              | [link]()
| [Pandas for Data Analysis (Beginner)][7]                                                     | [link]()
| [Machine Learning with scikit-learn Part One (Intermediate)][1]                              | [link]()
| [Parallelizing Scientific Python with Dask (Intermediate)][14]                               | [link]()
| [Parallel Data Analysis in Python (Intermediate)][17]                                        | [link]()
| [Anatomy of Matplotlib (Beginner)][10]                                                       | [link]()
| [scikit-image: Image Processing for Python (Intermediate)][15]                               | [link]()
| [Network Science and Statistics: Fundamentals and Applications (Intermediate)][18]           | [link]()
| [Machine Learning with scikit-learn Part Two (Intermediate)][8]                              | [link]()
| [Signal Processing and Communications Hands-On Using scikit-dsp-comm (Intermediate)][19]     | [link]()

# Keynotes

- https://github.com/katyhuff/2017-07-12-scipy
- https://www.slideshare.net/GaelVaroquaux/presentations
    - https://www.slideshare.net/GaelVaroquaux/coding-for-science-and-innovation
-

# Talks

## 2017-07-12

- Python + Tableau: Building an Interactive and Beautiful Data Visualization with TabPy
    - Chloe Tseng
    - https://github.com/tableau/TabPy
- Dataflow Notebooks: Encoding and Using Cell Dependencies
    - David Koop
    - https://github.com/dataflownb/dfkernel
    - Working with notebook cells
    - iterermediate results
        - `out` dictionary, `_`, global variables
        - `Out['13']`
    - Persistent cell IDs
- bqplot - Seamless Interactive Visualizations in the Jupyter Notebook
    - Dhruv Madeka
    - https://github.com/dmadeka/SciPy2017
- nbgrader: A Tool for Creating and Grading Assignments in the Jupyter Notebook
    - https://github.com/jhamrick/nbgrader
- Berryconda : Scientific Python on the Raspberry Pi
    - https://github.com/jjhelmus/berryconda
- 	MatchPy: A Pattern Matching Library
    - Manuel Krebber, RWTH Aachen University
    - https://github.com/HPAC/matchpy
    - slides: http://slides.com/wheerd/matchpy#/
- MNE to see the brain at a millisecond time scale
    - Alex Gramfort
    - https://github.com/agramfort/mne_scipy2017
    - https://www.slideshare.net/agramfort/mne-scipy-conference-2017
- pulse2percept: A Python-based simulation framework for bionic vision
    - Michael Beyeler, University of Washington
    - https://github.com/uwescience/pulse2percept
    - slides: https://figshare.com/articles/pulse2percept_A_Python-based_simulation_framework_for_bionic_vision/5198575
    

## 2017-07-13

- Composable Multiprocessing and Multithreading for Numeric Libraries
    - Anton Malakhov, Anton Gorshkov, Terry Wilmarth
    - https://github.com/IntelPython/smp
- Dash - A New Framework for Buildin User Interfaces for Technical Computing
    - Chris Parmer
    - It's like Shiny for Python!
    - https://github.com/plotly/dash
    - https://plot.ly/products/dash/
    - http://flask.pocoo.org/
    - https://facebook.github.io/react/
    - 'widgets' are react components
        - https://plot.ly/dash/plugins
    - Learn react: https://academy.plot.ly/
- Diversity and Inclusion at the SciPy Conference
    - Julie Hollek
    - https://github.com/jkru/scipy_diversity
    - https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-diversity-makes-us-smarter/
    - http://www.laurenbacon.com/how-likely-is-an-all-male-speakers-list-statistically/
- Make it Work, Make it Right, Make it Fast - Debugging and Profiling in Dask
    - James Crist
    - http://jcrist.github.io/talks/profile_and_debug_dask/slides.html#/
    - https://github.com/jcrist/talks/tree/master/profile_and_debug_dask
    - https://github.com/dask/dask-glm
- Introducing JOSS: The Journal of Open Source Software
    - http://joss.theoj.org/
- Scientific MicroPython on Microcontrollers and IoT
    - Roberto Colistete Jr
    - https://github.com/micropython/micropython
- Creating Reproducible Experiments with ReproZip
    - Vicky Steeves (@VickySteeves)
    - Rémi Rampin (@remram44)
    - https://reprozip.org
    - https://vickysteeves.gitlab.io/2017-SciPy/
- Efficient Array Computing in C++ with xtensor and Apache Arrow
    - Johan Mabille
    - Sylvian Corlau
    - https://github.com/QuantStack/xtensor
    - http://xtensor.readthedocs.io/en/latest/numpy.html

## 2017-07-14

- Dask: Advanced Techniques
    - Matthew Rocklin
    - http://matthewrocklin.com/slides/scipy-2017.html#/
    - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxNPVTHQwGo
    - http://matthewrocklin.com/slides/scipy-2017.html#/
- Terabytes at Your Fingertips: Interactive Big Data Coding with PySpark
    - Sam Penrose
    - https://github.com/SamPenrose/decision-tree-coding
    - www.sampenrose.net
- Scientific Analysis at Scale: a Comparison of Five Systems
    - Jake VanderPlas
    - https://speakerdeck.com/jakevdp/image-analysis-at-scale
    -Comparative Evaluation of Big-Data Systems on Scientific Image Analytics Workloads
        - https://arxiv.org/pdf/1612.02485.pdf
- A Python API for Earth
    - Sam Skillman
    - http://descartes-labs-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
    - https://www.descarteslabs.com/beta-application
- NEXT: Machine Learning, Crowdsourcing, and Cartoons
    - Scott Sievert
    - https://speakerdeck.com/stsievert/scipy-2017-next
- ChiantiPy
    - https://github.com/wtbarnes/chiantipy-talk-scipy-2017

- python packaging
    - https://github.com/python-packaging-tutorial/python-packaging-tutorial

- Scientific Programming with the SciPy Stack
    - https://github.com/scw/scipy-devsummit-2017-talk

- Dashboards Visualizing Hundreds of Millions of Datapoints in 30 Lines of Python
     - https://github.com/philippjfr/scipy-talk-2017
     
- Stingray : A Library of Time series methods for X-Ray Astronomy
    - Himanshu Mishra ([@OrkoHunter](https://github.com/orkohunter))
    - [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1XUAY3TQG_qAvdOyFvZoEc_sAxzEeXvoeoXpXwKy1ZhU)
    - [Talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tcJi378B2M)
    - [Slack](http://slack-invite.timelabtechnologies.com)

# Lightning talks
- modeling simulation in python: http://greenteapress.com/wp/modsimpy/
- screenlamp (toolkit for facilitating hypothesis-driven, ligand-based screening of large molecule libraries): https://github.com/psa-lab/screenlamp
- biopandas: https://github.com/rasbt/biopandas
- figurefirst: http://flyranch.github.io/figurefirst/
- synthpy (synthetic data in python): https://github.com/pambot/synthpy
- PlasmaPy: https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy
- PyART, The Python ARM Radar Toolkit, Atmospheric Radiation Measurement (ARM) : http://arm-doe.github.io/pyart/
- Computational Experiments Survey: http://survey.npimentel.net/en/
- ipython-unittest: https://www.google.com/search?q=ipython+unit+test&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8
- burrito data: http://bit.ly/burritodata
- burrito review: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdWAkbSKzHydtzJ-AKHp_rXKHeG80cZuUBjyEeMAUZXJsiFKQ/viewform
- burrito: https://github.com/srcole/burritos

- elegant scipy: https://github.com/elegant-scipy/elegant-scipy
    - givaway: https://github.com/elegant-scipy/elegant-scipy/issues/308
    - picking the 25 people script/gist: https://gist.github.com/stefanv/87c866f3bda2a1f1f2d23380cdf4dd9f
    - html build copy: https://www.dropbox.com/s/cw49dk1gj6r389i/elegant-scipy-2017-07-13_15-18-54.zip?dl=0
- cykdtree: http://cykdtree.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
- cgal4py: http://cgal4py.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
- hi toby: https://github.com/tobsecret
- bokeh genome explorer: https://github.com/tobsecret/Bokeh_genome_explorer
- tex2ipy (beamer to jupyter notebooks): https://github.com/prabhuramachandran/tex2ipy
    - `tex2ipy talk.tex talk.ipynb`
- ipyaml: https://github.com/prabhuramachandran/ipyaml
    - https://github.com/aaren/notedown
    - https://github.com/rossant/ipymd
- reproducible self-publishing: pythontex: https://github.com/gpoore/pythontex
- vpython (navigable 3D displays and animations): http://vpython.org/
    - Matt Craig - MSUM Physics and Astronomy
    - http://www.glowscript.org/
    - https://github.com/BruceSherwood/vpython-jupyter
- Jupyter Lab: https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab
    - Jason Grout: http://jasongrout.org/
    - **clap clap**
- Data Package manaer (data retriever): http://www.data-retriever.org/
    - https://github.com/weecology/retriever
- cpDetect (Bayesian change point detection): https://github.com/choderalab/cpdetect
- BACnet: http://www.bacnet.org/
    - https://github.com/BuildingRobotics/pybacnet
    - http://bacpypes.sourceforge.net/
- script all the things: https://goo.gl/AqQd9v
- datalore
    - https://www.jetbrains.com/products.html
    - http://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/2911800/DataLore-Private-Beta-Sign-up
- opsn source sustainability:
    - https://www.numfocus.org/
    - bit.ly/nf-sustainability
- pep8speaks
    - https://pep8speaks.com/
    - https://github.com/OrkoHunter/pep8speaks
    - http://tinyurl.com/pythonjokes
- clover health
    - https://www.cloverhealth.com/en/
    - Associate Software Engineer Program
    - https://www.cloverhealth.com/en/about-us/careers
    - We miss you Matt: https://twitter.com/jiffyclub
- RDP
    - https://rdp.cme.msu.edu/
    - https://github.com/bio-miga/miga
    - http://enve-omics.ce.gatech.edu:3000/
- ipython 6.0 6.1
    - python 3 only
    - upgrade `pip` and `setuptools`
    - ending py2 compatibility: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DkfPzWWC2Q
    - https://github.com/Carreau/pycon2017
 - gormless
     - @dontusethiscode: https://twitter.com/dontusethiscode
     - domain modelling
- firefly
    - https://github.com/Caltech-IPAC/firefly
    - stargazer?
    - ipywidgets.readthedocs.io
    - firefly_widgets: https://github.com/Caltech-IPAC/firefly_widgets
    - cookiecutter templates for jupyter widgets
- Pwang
    - mission accomplished
    - open source won!
    - 2010 talk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fK6E9tq-KjM&feature=youtu.be
- Pump up the Jams
    - https://gist.github.com/bmcfee/ab75ca0f10d0a01d4fe67035d1e65990
- Bus Factor: https://github.com/dpshelio/busfactor
- Hack your inbox: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1EaoHUxg3VNDqDq6LBD8ayawUVGVwMKkJMn-7SSH5ujk/edit#slide=id.p

[1]: https://github.com/amueller/scipy-2017-sklearn
[2]: https://github.com/tomkooij/scipy2017
[3]: https://github.com/sympy/scipy-2017-codegen-tutorial
[4]: https://github.com/kwmsmith/scipy-2017-cython-tutorial
[5]: https://github.com/mwcraig/scipy2017-jupyter-widgets-tutorial
[6]: https://github.com/gforsyth/numba_tutorial_scipy2017
[7]: https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy-2017-tutorial-pandas
[8]: https://github.com/LqNoob/scipy-2017-sklearn
[9]: https://github.com/ioam/scipy-2017-holoviews-tutorial
[10]: https://github.com/WeatherGod/AnatomyOfMatplotlib
[11]: https://github.com/AllenDowney/CompStats
[12]: https://github.com/enthought/Numpy-Tutorial-SciPyConf-2017
[13]: https://github.com/maxim-belkin/2017-07-10-scipy
[14]: https://github.com/dask/dask-tutorial/tree/scipy-2017
[15]: https://github.com/scikit-image/skimage-tutorials
[16]: https://github.com/mmckerns/tutmom
[17]: https://github.com/pydata/parallel-tutorial
[18]: https://github.com/ericmjl/Network-Analysis-Made-Simple
[19]: https://github.com/mwickert/SP-Comm-Tutorial-using-scikit-dsp-comm

Commit message:

Predicting Phenotype from Genotype with Machine Learning

README.md, after:

1. [tutorials-day-1-2017-07-10](https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2017_notes#tutorials-day-1-2017-07-10)
2. [tutorials-day-2-2017-07-11](https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2017_notes#tutorials-day-2-2017-07-11)
3. [keynotes](https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2017_notes#keynotes)
4. [talks](https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2017_notes#talks)
    1. [2017-07-12](https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2017_notes#2017-07-12)
    2. [2017-07-13](https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2017_notes/blob/master/README.md#2017-07-13)
    2. [2017-07-14](https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2017_notes/blob/master/README.md#2017-07-14)
5. [lightning-talks](https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2017_notes#lightning-talks)

# scipy_2017_notes
Links and notes for SciPy 2017.

What to know what happed last year?

- https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy_2016_notes

Please help mainain the list! send a PR!

Lists of tutorials: https://scipy2017.scipy.org/ehome/220975/493418/

Proceedings: http://conference.scipy.org/proceedings/scipy2017/

Videos of talks and tutorials: https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLYx7XA2nY5GfdAFycPLBdUDOUtdQIVoMf

JOSS (Journal of Open Source Software) Slides: https://doi.org/10.6084/m9.figshare.5208151

# BoFs

-  jupyter widget bof: https://gist.github.com/mwcraig/176560759e889a3635cbaaa1fdef8bbc

# Sprints

bit.ly/sprints2017

# Tutorials Day 1 2017-07-10

| Tutorial Repository                                                                 | Video                                                                                                |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Software Carpentry Scientific Python Course Part 1 (Beginner)][13]                 | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7VO4pUGCcMI&index=4&list=PLYx7XA2nY5GfdAFycPLBdUDOUtdQIVoMf)  |
| [Cython for Data, Scientists, and Data Scientists (Intermediate/Advanced)][4]       | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FepqwPI6U80&index=6&list=PLYx7XA2nY5GfdAFycPLBdUDOUtdQIVoMf)  |
| [Numba: Tell Those C++ Bullies to Get Lost (Intermediate)][6]                       | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1AwG0T4gaO0&index=2&list=PLYx7XA2nY5GfdAFycPLBdUDOUtdQIVoMf)  |
| [Automatic Code Generation with SymPy (Advanced)][3]                                | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5jzIVp6bTy0&index=5&list=PLYx7XA2nY5GfdAFycPLBdUDOUtdQIVoMf)  |
| [Modern Optimization Methods in Python (Intermediate/Advanced)][16]                 |   |
| Software Carpentry Scientific Python Course Part 2 (Beginner)                       |   |
| [Computational Statistics (Beginner)][11]                                           | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=He9MCbs1wgE&index=1&list=PLYx7XA2nY5GfdAFycPLBdUDOUtdQIVoMf)  |
| [The Jupyter Interactive Widget Ecosystem (Intermediate/Advanced)][5]               | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eWzY2nGfkXk&index=3&list=PLYx7XA2nY5GfdAFycPLBdUDOUtdQIVoMf)  |
| [HDF5 take 2: h5py & PyTables (Intermediate/Advanced)][2]                           | [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ofLFhQ9yxCw&index=8&list=PLYx7XA2nY5GfdAFycPLBdUDOUtdQIVoMf)  |
| [Interactive Data Visualization with HoloViews & Bokeh (Advanced)][9]               |   |


# Tutorials Day 2 2017-07-11

| Tutorial Repository                                                                          | Video                                                                                                |
|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Introduction to Numerical Computing with NumPy (Beginner)][12]                              | [link]()
| [Pandas for Data Analysis (Beginner)][7]                                                     | [link]()
| [Machine Learning with scikit-learn Part One (Intermediate)][1]                              | [link]()
| [Parallelizing Scientific Python with Dask (Intermediate)][14]                               | [link]()
| [Parallel Data Analysis in Python (Intermediate)][17]                                        | [link]()
| [Anatomy of Matplotlib (Beginner)][10]                                                       | [link]()
| [scikit-image: Image Processing for Python (Intermediate)][15]                               | [link]()
| [Network Science and Statistics: Fundamentals and Applications (Intermediate)][18]           | [link]()
| [Machine Learning with scikit-learn Part Two (Intermediate)][8]                              | [link]()
| [Signal Processing and Communications Hands-On Using scikit-dsp-comm (Intermediate)][19]     | [link]()

# Keynotes

- https://github.com/katyhuff/2017-07-12-scipy
- https://www.slideshare.net/GaelVaroquaux/presentations
    - https://www.slideshare.net/GaelVaroquaux/coding-for-science-and-innovation
-

# Talks

## 2017-07-12

- Python + Tableau: Building an Interactive and Beautiful Data Visualization with TabPy
    - Chloe Tseng
    - https://github.com/tableau/TabPy
- Dataflow Notebooks: Encoding and Using Cell Dependencies
    - David Koop
    - https://github.com/dataflownb/dfkernel
    - Working with notebook cells
    - iterermediate results
        - `out` dictionary, `_`, global variables
        - `Out['13']`
    - Persistent cell IDs
- bqplot - Seamless Interactive Visualizations in the Jupyter Notebook
    - Dhruv Madeka
    - https://github.com/dmadeka/SciPy2017
- nbgrader: A Tool for Creating and Grading Assignments in the Jupyter Notebook
    - https://github.com/jhamrick/nbgrader
- Berryconda : Scientific Python on the Raspberry Pi
    - https://github.com/jjhelmus/berryconda
- 	MatchPy: A Pattern Matching Library
    - Manuel Krebber, RWTH Aachen University
    - https://github.com/HPAC/matchpy
    - slides: http://slides.com/wheerd/matchpy#/
- MNE to see the brain at a millisecond time scale
    - Alex Gramfort
    - https://github.com/agramfort/mne_scipy2017
    - https://www.slideshare.net/agramfort/mne-scipy-conference-2017
- pulse2percept: A Python-based simulation framework for bionic vision
    - Michael Beyeler, University of Washington
    - https://github.com/uwescience/pulse2percept
    - slides: https://figshare.com/articles/pulse2percept_A_Python-based_simulation_framework_for_bionic_vision/5198575
    

## 2017-07-13

- Composable Multiprocessing and Multithreading for Numeric Libraries
    - Anton Malakhov, Anton Gorshkov, Terry Wilmarth
    - https://github.com/IntelPython/smp
- Dash - A New Framework for Buildin User Interfaces for Technical Computing
    - Chris Parmer
    - It's like Shiny for Python!
    - https://github.com/plotly/dash
    - https://plot.ly/products/dash/
    - http://flask.pocoo.org/
    - https://facebook.github.io/react/
    - 'widgets' are react components
        - https://plot.ly/dash/plugins
    - Learn react: https://academy.plot.ly/
- Diversity and Inclusion at the SciPy Conference
    - Julie Hollek
    - https://github.com/jkru/scipy_diversity
    - https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-diversity-makes-us-smarter/
    - http://www.laurenbacon.com/how-likely-is-an-all-male-speakers-list-statistically/
- Make it Work, Make it Right, Make it Fast - Debugging and Profiling in Dask
    - James Crist
    - http://jcrist.github.io/talks/profile_and_debug_dask/slides.html#/
    - https://github.com/jcrist/talks/tree/master/profile_and_debug_dask
    - https://github.com/dask/dask-glm
- Introducing JOSS: The Journal of Open Source Software
    - http://joss.theoj.org/
- Scientific MicroPython on Microcontrollers and IoT
    - Roberto Colistete Jr
    - https://github.com/micropython/micropython
- Creating Reproducible Experiments with ReproZip
    - Vicky Steeves (@VickySteeves)
    - Rémi Rampin (@remram44)
    - https://reprozip.org
    - https://vickysteeves.gitlab.io/2017-SciPy/
- Efficient Array Computing in C++ with xtensor and Apache Arrow
    - Johan Mabille
    - Sylvian Corlau
    - https://github.com/QuantStack/xtensor
    - http://xtensor.readthedocs.io/en/latest/numpy.html
-  Predicting Phenotype from Genotype with Machine Learning, in the Biology, Biophysics and Biostatistics  mini-symposium
    - Patricia Francis-Lyon
    - Shraddha Lanka
    - Lakshmi Navin Arbatti
    - Gaurika Tyagi
    - Hun do
    - https://www.slideshare.net/patriciafrancislyon/predicting-phenotype-from-genotype-with-machine-learning

## 2017-07-14

- Dask: Advanced Techniques
    - Matthew Rocklin
    - http://matthewrocklin.com/slides/scipy-2017.html#/
    - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZxNPVTHQwGo
    - http://matthewrocklin.com/slides/scipy-2017.html#/
- Terabytes at Your Fingertips: Interactive Big Data Coding with PySpark
    - Sam Penrose
    - https://github.com/SamPenrose/decision-tree-coding
    - www.sampenrose.net
- Scientific Analysis at Scale: a Comparison of Five Systems
    - Jake VanderPlas
    - https://speakerdeck.com/jakevdp/image-analysis-at-scale
    -Comparative Evaluation of Big-Data Systems on Scientific Image Analytics Workloads
        - https://arxiv.org/pdf/1612.02485.pdf
- A Python API for Earth
    - Sam Skillman
    - http://descartes-labs-python.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
    - https://www.descarteslabs.com/beta-application
- NEXT: Machine Learning, Crowdsourcing, and Cartoons
    - Scott Sievert
    - https://speakerdeck.com/stsievert/scipy-2017-next
- ChiantiPy
    - https://github.com/wtbarnes/chiantipy-talk-scipy-2017

- python packaging
    - https://github.com/python-packaging-tutorial/python-packaging-tutorial

- Scientific Programming with the SciPy Stack
    - https://github.com/scw/scipy-devsummit-2017-talk

- Dashboards Visualizing Hundreds of Millions of Datapoints in 30 Lines of Python
     - https://github.com/philippjfr/scipy-talk-2017
     
- Stingray : A Library of Time series methods for X-Ray Astronomy
    - Himanshu Mishra ([@OrkoHunter](https://github.com/orkohunter))
    - [Slides](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1XUAY3TQG_qAvdOyFvZoEc_sAxzEeXvoeoXpXwKy1ZhU)
    - [Talk](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tcJi378B2M)
    - [Slack](http://slack-invite.timelabtechnologies.com)

# Lightning talks
- modeling simulation in python: http://greenteapress.com/wp/modsimpy/
- screenlamp (toolkit for facilitating hypothesis-driven, ligand-based screening of large molecule libraries): https://github.com/psa-lab/screenlamp
- biopandas: https://github.com/rasbt/biopandas
- figurefirst: http://flyranch.github.io/figurefirst/
- synthpy (synthetic data in python): https://github.com/pambot/synthpy
- PlasmaPy: https://github.com/PlasmaPy/PlasmaPy
- PyART, The Python ARM Radar Toolkit, Atmospheric Radiation Measurement (ARM) : http://arm-doe.github.io/pyart/
- Computational Experiments Survey: http://survey.npimentel.net/en/
- ipython-unittest: https://www.google.com/search?q=ipython+unit+test&ie=utf-8&oe=utf-8
- burrito data: http://bit.ly/burritodata
- burrito review: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdWAkbSKzHydtzJ-AKHp_rXKHeG80cZuUBjyEeMAUZXJsiFKQ/viewform
- burrito: https://github.com/srcole/burritos

- elegant scipy: https://github.com/elegant-scipy/elegant-scipy
    - givaway: https://github.com/elegant-scipy/elegant-scipy/issues/308
    - picking the 25 people script/gist: https://gist.github.com/stefanv/87c866f3bda2a1f1f2d23380cdf4dd9f
    - html build copy: https://www.dropbox.com/s/cw49dk1gj6r389i/elegant-scipy-2017-07-13_15-18-54.zip?dl=0
- cykdtree: http://cykdtree.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
- cgal4py: http://cgal4py.readthedocs.io/en/latest/
- hi toby: https://github.com/tobsecret
- bokeh genome explorer: https://github.com/tobsecret/Bokeh_genome_explorer
- tex2ipy (beamer to jupyter notebooks): https://github.com/prabhuramachandran/tex2ipy
    - `tex2ipy talk.tex talk.ipynb`
- ipyaml: https://github.com/prabhuramachandran/ipyaml
    - https://github.com/aaren/notedown
    - https://github.com/rossant/ipymd
- reproducible self-publishing: pythontex: https://github.com/gpoore/pythontex
- vpython (navigable 3D displays and animations): http://vpython.org/
    - Matt Craig - MSUM Physics and Astronomy
    - http://www.glowscript.org/
    - https://github.com/BruceSherwood/vpython-jupyter
- Jupyter Lab: https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab
    - Jason Grout: http://jasongrout.org/
    - **clap clap**
- Data Package manaer (data retriever): http://www.data-retriever.org/
    - https://github.com/weecology/retriever
- cpDetect (Bayesian change point detection): https://github.com/choderalab/cpdetect
- BACnet: http://www.bacnet.org/
    - https://github.com/BuildingRobotics/pybacnet
    - http://bacpypes.sourceforge.net/
- script all the things: https://goo.gl/AqQd9v
- datalore
    - https://www.jetbrains.com/products.html
    - http://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/2911800/DataLore-Private-Beta-Sign-up
- opsn source sustainability:
    - https://www.numfocus.org/
    - bit.ly/nf-sustainability
- pep8speaks
    - https://pep8speaks.com/
    - https://github.com/OrkoHunter/pep8speaks
    - http://tinyurl.com/pythonjokes
- clover health
    - https://www.cloverhealth.com/en/
    - Associate Software Engineer Program
    - https://www.cloverhealth.com/en/about-us/careers
    - We miss you Matt: https://twitter.com/jiffyclub
- RDP
    - https://rdp.cme.msu.edu/
    - https://github.com/bio-miga/miga
    - http://enve-omics.ce.gatech.edu:3000/
- ipython 6.0 6.1
    - python 3 only
    - upgrade `pip` and `setuptools`
    - ending py2 compatibility: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2DkfPzWWC2Q
    - https://github.com/Carreau/pycon2017
 - gormless
     - @dontusethiscode: https://twitter.com/dontusethiscode
     - domain modelling
- firefly
    - https://github.com/Caltech-IPAC/firefly
    - stargazer?
    - ipywidgets.readthedocs.io
    - firefly_widgets: https://github.com/Caltech-IPAC/firefly_widgets
    - cookiecutter templates for jupyter widgets
- Pwang
    - mission accomplished
    - open source won!
    - 2010 talk: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fK6E9tq-KjM&feature=youtu.be
- Pump up the Jams
    - https://gist.github.com/bmcfee/ab75ca0f10d0a01d4fe67035d1e65990
- Bus Factor: https://github.com/dpshelio/busfactor
- Hack your inbox: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1EaoHUxg3VNDqDq6LBD8ayawUVGVwMKkJMn-7SSH5ujk/edit#slide=id.p

[1]: https://github.com/amueller/scipy-2017-sklearn
[2]: https://github.com/tomkooij/scipy2017
[3]: https://github.com/sympy/scipy-2017-codegen-tutorial
[4]: https://github.com/kwmsmith/scipy-2017-cython-tutorial
[5]: https://github.com/mwcraig/scipy2017-jupyter-widgets-tutorial
[6]: https://github.com/gforsyth/numba_tutorial_scipy2017
[7]: https://github.com/chendaniely/scipy-2017-tutorial-pandas
[8]: https://github.com/LqNoob/scipy-2017-sklearn
[9]: https://github.com/ioam/scipy-2017-holoviews-tutorial
[10]: https://github.com/WeatherGod/AnatomyOfMatplotlib
[11]: https://github.com/AllenDowney/CompStats
[12]: https://github.com/enthought/Numpy-Tutorial-SciPyConf-2017
[13]: https://github.com/maxim-belkin/2017-07-10-scipy
[14]: https://github.com/dask/dask-tutorial/tree/scipy-2017
[15]: https://github.com/scikit-image/skimage-tutorials
[16]: https://github.com/mmckerns/tutmom
[17]: https://github.com/pydata/parallel-tutorial
[18]: https://github.com/ericmjl/Network-Analysis-Made-Simple
[19]: https://github.com/mwickert/SP-Comm-Tutorial-using-scikit-dsp-comm
